Trace Queries unified explorer: docs change (#21199)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_pipeline/trace_retention.md

### In dashboards, notebooks, and monitors

For the reasons explained above, spans indexed by the intelligent retention filter are **excluded** from APM queries that appear in dashboards and notebooks, and also **excluded** from trace analytics monitor evaluation.

## One percent flat sampling

[Trace Queries][11] are based on a **uniform 1% sample** of [ingested spans][12].

{{< beta-callout url="#" btn_hidden="true">}}

> To join the Trace Queries private beta <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSebVVIAUcWIW941Zc3aBcEgmgGq349qCGKDk3QSSC2-PM8Aeg/viewform?pli=1">fill out this form</a>. Spans used for queries are from a <a href="#the-data-that-trace-queries-are-based-on"><strong>uniform 1% sample</strong> of ingested spans</a>, not from your existing retention filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To join the Trace Queries private beta, <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSebVVIAUcWIW941Zc3aBcEgmgGq349qCGKDk3QSSC2-PM8Aeg/viewform?pli=1">fill out this form</a>. Spans used for queries are from a <a href="#the-data-that-trace-queries-are-based-on"><strong>uniform 1% sample</strong> of ingested spans</a>, not from your existing retention filters.
```

{{< /beta-callout >}}

{{< img src="tracing/trace_queries/trace_queries_dataset.png" style="width:100%; background:none; border:none; box-shadow:none;" alt="1% Flat Sampling" >}}

The flat 1% sampling is applied based on the `trace_id`, meaning that all spans belonging to the same trace share the same sampling decision.

**Note**: Spans indexed by the flat 1% sampling are not counted towards the usage of indexed spans, and so **do not impact your bill**.

### What is the impact of enabling 1% flat sampling?

> Spans indexed by the 1% sampling can also be queried/found in the [Trace Explorer][13].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spans indexed by the 1% sampling can also be queried and found in the [Trace Explorer][13].
```

> From the moment 1% flat sampling is enabled, the volume of indexed spans is going to increase. To find spans that are sampled by the 1% flat sampling, add the `retained_by:flat_sampled` query parameter in the Trace Explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you enable 1% flat sampling, the volume of indexed spans is going to increase immediately. To find spans that are sampled by the 1% flat sampling, add the `retained_by:flat_sampled` query parameter in the Trace Explorer.
```
